Add worker task processing on if present (#2622)
dask/distributed: docs/source/plugins.rst

       scheduler.add_plugin(plugin)

Run with: ``dask-scheduler --preload <filename.py>``

Accessing Full Task State
-------------------------

> If you would like to access the full ``TaskState`` stored in the scheduler you

Reviewer: For ease of reference

```suggestion
If you would like to access the full :ref:`distributed.scheduler.TaskTate` stored in the scheduler you
```

> If you would like to access the full ``TaskState`` stored in the scheduler you

Reviewer: For ease of linking

```suggestion
If you would like to access the full :ref:`distributed.scheduler.TaskTate` stored in the scheduler you
```

FYI @nicolls1, I was going to push this directly, but I don't want to mess up your master branch :) Typically you'd want to checkout a new branch from the latest master before starting on a PR.

Author: Good to know thanks! Sorry, was traveling and didn't have a chance to do it myself. Thanks for changing!
